Improve tablet types to wait (#17622)
vitessio/vitess: changelog/22.0/22.0.0/summary.md

Building `vtadmin-web` now requires node >= v22.13.0 (LTS). Breaking changes from v20 to v22 can be found at https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v22.13.0 -- with no known issues that apply to VTAdmin.
Full details on the node v20.12.2 release can be found at https://nodejs.org/en/blog/release/v22.13.1.

## <a id="vtgate-flags"/>VTGate Flags

### <a id="vtgate-init-tabletgw-wait-tablet-type"/> vtgate behavior for `--tablet_types_to_wait`

> Previously, if waiting for them took longer than the time specified in `--gateway_initial_tablet_timeout`, the `vtgate`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, if waiting for tablets took longer than the time specified in `--gateway_initial_tablet_timeout`, `vtgate`
```

> would log a warning and  start serving. If queries were received by the `vtgate` for the tablet types that were not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
would log a warning and start serving queries. Any queries received by `vtgate` for the tablet types that were not
```

> received on time, they would fail. Now, if waiting times out, a warning is logged, and the `vtgate` retries until it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
available would fail. In this release, this behavior has been changed so that if waiting times out, a warning is logged, and `vtgate` retries until it
```

> succeeds. This means it does not enter service until it has gotten health checks for all tablet types, preventing those

Reviewer: ```suggestion
succeeds. This means it does not start serving queries until it has received health checks for all tablet types, preventing query
```
